hey guys I'm Adrienne and welcome back
to my series where I talk about the
various Metal Gear games that I own I've
been gone for quite some time but I was
actually in the process of moving I
finally got all my stuff here so today
we're going to be talking about the
different games in the Metal Gear
universe that came out for the PSP so
we're going to be talking about Metal
Gear acid metal gear s is squared Metal
Gear Solid digital graphic novel Metal
Gear Solid pourable ops metal your saw a
portal OPS+ and metal gear solid peace
walker so let's start off with metal
gear acid so my look your acid it's a
pretty special game for little gear fans
because this was the first portable
metal geared title that we got that had
like really good graphics and stuff I
mean yeah the metal gear solid four that
came with color had come out as I had
talked about previously in another video
but this is the first one that we
thought was going to be like a
traditional metal gear would like really
awesome graphics and stuff like that but
what we ended up getting was a card game
so this this card game it could be fun
there were some times where I where you
got everything was working just
completely as it was supposed to but the
thing is that it was mostly a little
tedious to play because the way that
they structured it with the cost system
and that stuff I mean even made fun of
the cost system and dinner with the
snakes it's just well it seemed like it
wasn't all that entertaining to play and
the final battle with metal gear in this
game my god that was like one of the
toughest metal gear battles I'm not
necessarily tough because it was
challenging that was tough because it
was a pretty cheap because he had this
super attack where you were you were
basically finding this very big grid ran
and it had this um attack where he would
just jump off and then smash down and he
would insta kill you if he landed on top
of you and was there a way that you
could kind of predict where he would let
no it was completely random so you just
had to get lucky and hopefully not get
squashed by him when he jumps up and
down right so that was Metal Gear acid
and now we're going to be talking about
Metal Gear acid squared so I'm all your
assets squared you know as it says in
the back and
all new acid trip so they were
definitely going for the whole drug
hallucination angle huh so my guess is
squared its streamlined the cart system
that was the most important thing that
it did because as I said in the with
this one it was very complex to do
anything here it was a little simpler a
little more straightforward and it was
definitely i remember playing it was a
lot more dynamic this one I had a lot
more fun with than metal gear acid and
also the graphic style changed a lot now
was accelerated graphics and really
bright kind of like wind wakers style
but it still wasn't a traditional metal
gear and I really wanted to play our
traditional metal gear with stealth
action and all that stuff on my PSP
that's mainly why I got a PSP was
because I knew could play metal gear on
the go now so that was Melek your asset
squared and Metal Gear Solid digital
graphic novel uh it was um it wasn't
really a game right what what this was
is that Ashley would she took out a
series of comics and then they compile
them into one and what this did is that
it put them all into one UMD disk and
input little special features where you
could like construct different events
that happen it will not construct
different events but like assemble
events i guess that happened in the
middle of your universe by zooming in
and seeing certain details in the image
and it was fun because it had a really
cool dynamic presentation and if you
never had a chance to see the Metal Gear
story unfold it could be pretty fun I
mean I of course it's seen the Metal
Gear story unfold but it was nice to see
her interpretation of the events because
certain things change slightly don't
worry it's not crazy changes but it's
pretty fun to see what you did and also
fun fact this game is actually in the
Legacy Collection so in case you haven't
seen it you can check it on the legacy
collection so brings us to Metal Gear
Solid portable ops alright so the story
that I want to tell you guys about this
game is the fur I'll never forget the
first time booting it up because you
know seeing it because the first scene
that opens with his naked snake Big Boss
however you would like to call him he is
in a jail cell and you just seem
standing there and it's just the fact
that Wow finally I'm going to be able to
control snake directly on a portable
system that just kind of blew my mind it
was a really exciting moment for me to
finally be able to do that and I say
that because then unfortunately once you
started playing the game you realize
that it just it really wasn't that great
I know there's a lot of fans of portable
ops out there and I know even other
gaming sites gave it the pretty high
scores i remember getting like eights
and nines all over the place and I think
it was more due to the fact that you
know we all wanted a metal gear game on
our portable we all love middle gear now
we've always want to love things metal
gear even when they're not that great
and I feel that portable ops is
definitely one of the weakest games in
the series if not the weakest game
because there was a lot of problems with
a lot of problems that I feel a lot of
people were kind of ignoring because it
was metal gear run him down here so for
example really bad camera like
absolutely atrocious camera uh I I knew
that you could move the camera now you
know we all wanted a 3d camera like we
had just gotten into subsistence but
dear God like the camera was always
right up your ass like it was it always
felt like I would move snake and it
would just be right there it was just so
close to his his body you couldn't
really see anything that was happening
around you and of course camera control
in stealth game is really important you
know if you don't have the overhead view
like classic metal gear and he just like
right up against you and you can't
really move add that's another thing the
controls were really clunky and moving
the camera was incredibly clunky of like
switching over like okay I'm going to
move now now I'm going to move the
camera now i'm going to move now i'm
going to move the camera like it was
just because you had to 15 the joystick
in the d-pad it also had really
repetitive missions like i felt like i
was doing the exact same thing and every
mission and the level design was really
really boring it was really bland and
you could tell that they designed this
game for the multiplayer experience
where you can just go and shoot other
people and i never got that about metal
gear like you know when they've had it
in subsistence because i think metal
gear is not about just running around
shooting different people like it does
it's not built for that i felt but they
really wanted to make that the main
focus of this game and then it had the
pokemon soldiers mechanic and the
pokemon soldiers mechanic i guess you
know eventually we'll see that revisited
in peace walker
but for here for this game it was just
incredibly tedious incredibly annoying
to just go knock out the guard drag them
all the way back to your truck or to one
of the boxes its just oh so frustrating
playing this game that being said I did
pass this game twice because it was
metal gear and I felt compelled I have
to give it a shot but yeah I didn't very
much enjoy playing metal gear solid
portable off let's see what else yeah
okay so that's what I want to say about
portable ops then we got metal you saw
it portable ops+ so this was basically a
big expansion for the multiplayer aspect
not really for the single-player aspect
and after playing it for a couple both
minutes I would even say I was like all
right that is it i'm not i'm not feeling
this